other than Raleigh North Carolina
with my dog my two sons my husband and
I'm the coolest mama walk because I let
my kids scooter and roller skate in the
house
and I let them write on the floor
I'm an avid woodworker and I always have
leftover scraps but I have a real hard
time throwing away because I feel like I
can always do something with that hey
welcome to my workshop this is a lot of
moms have a mom cave it is actually my
mom came this is where I come to build
things my kids don't know any different
so they kind of think that that all
mom's real power tools and build things
and fix the toilet and you know fix
everything they don't realize that miss
women don't you know pick up a pencil on
anything basis they think that every mom
does this I actually built this bench
from using two kitchen refrigerator or
the over the refrigerator cabinets I
took off the doors and that's what these
two things are here and then I built a
2x4 frame I also scored some shelves at
a yard sale and I added a little bit of
molding and some hooks from eBay and put
an old door with mirrors behind it on
the top yeah super 50 I'm sift through
all pull stuff out the dumpster if I see
something pretty good I actually
honestly let me let me just back up and
say I have never officially been inside
a dumpster this was a trashed coffee
table that was sitting next to a
dumpster and had a masonite top those
all moldy but I didn't let that
discourage me actually took off the top
and I found some leftover boards that
somebody was throwing away from their
closet I painted it and
it's my we call it my trashy coffee
table I actually hand him the bricks to
make a book back like bricks and the
nice thing about that is that I didn't
cost me anything cost a little bit of a
craft paint and I can mix my own colors
and make it more of like kind of a
brownstone brick feel